IndexedDB: clarify binary key type (#44072)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/indexeddb_api/basic_terminology/index.md

A data value by which stored values are organized and retrieved in the object store. The object store can derive the key from one of three sources: a _[key generator](#key_generator)_, a _[key path](#key_path)_, or an explicitly specified value. The key must be of a data type that has a number that is greater than the one before it. Each record in an object store must have a key that is unique within the same store, so you cannot have multiple records with the same key in a given object store.

> A key can be one of the following types: [string](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String), [date](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date), float, binary data (as [ArrayBuffer](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer) or [TypedArray views on ArrayBuffer](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray), such as [Uint8Array](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array)), and [array](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array). For arrays, the key can range from an empty value to infinity. And you can include an array within an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key can be one of the following types: [string](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String), [date](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date), float, binary data (represented as an [`ArrayBuffer`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer) or a [TypedArray](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray) view such as a [`Uint8Array`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array)), and [array](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array). The length of an array key can range from `0` (an empty array) to infinity, and you can include an array within an array.
```
